Added changelog for pull#316 (#317)
bitmovin/bitmovin-player-ui: CHANGELOG.md

- Dead documentation link in README.md
- `FullscreenToggleButton` being visible although `ViewMode.Fullscreen` is not available
- Vertical text alignment in the `MetadataLabel` for the `MetadataLabelContent.Title` in the `SmallScreenUI`

> - Faulty `PlaybackToggleButton` state after transitioning between AdBreaks for same position using BAM

Reviewer: I would at least use the full name for `BAM`.

```suggestion
- Inconsistent `PlaybackToggleButton` state after transitioning between multiple `AdBreak`s for the same position using `BitmovinAdvertisingModule`
```
